well it's about this size and it's got
some tapes and some really great stuff
in it and feel good and just in
fantastic alienation the whole box set
is he done okay it has also gag reels
it's got the making of special parts
programs it's got a big interview thing
with the cast like a big cast reunion
after the last movie called udara
legacy and lots of lots of good stuff
lots of meat lots of lots of fat lots of
meat lots of fat but there's something
there for vegans and vegetarians too so
it's not all that and it's guaranteed to
whiten your smile and freshen your
breath so we highly recommend
Garry just had another cup of coffee so
I'm ready to go
you know the show fan base yeah that
about them I think it's because they're
highly intelligent and magnificent
people that's why and they're what can I
say I got nothing okay you drive drive
all right I think alright I'll do the
serious answer but the serious answer is
I don't know anymore
I think we I think we did get in really
really far in deep with relationships
with the world's newest minority what
that was like their struggles their
family struggles their family
relationship relationship between two
opposites I think and I think the
writing was was probably the best
writing I've ever been and involved with
so I think that fans got it and I think
that they look forward to seeing that
every week and they and it touched a lot
of people and that's the honest answer
but you know yours was good too
doing the series as it was a television
series in one-hour drama or doing the TV
movie well we had a year we would shoot
two TV movies at a time and then a year
would go by and we'd shoot another two
so having that off time away from the
world and the characters was sort of
difficult to come back to but we sort of
what sort of hit the ground running but
work-wise the series was quite grueling
doing back-to-back episode long about
episode 16 or 17 the camera would be
rolling and I would launch into a speech
I would start saying names that were
three or four episodes previously in the
mine would just start the memory would
start to start to fit
yeah it's sort of a good-news bad-news
thing when you do this series your whole
life is is about the series and they're
working 15 16 hour days and and it's
very hard to maintain but it's the
rhythm of it you're so into it and you
realize that you've not doing anything
else there's something really wonderful
about the continuity of it I mean the
you the the the nuances that you could
bring to it week in and week out the
movies you had to kind of do push the
restart button and but it we found that
from day one of the movies it took no
time at all to get back into a rhythm
although it did seem feel a little bit
different yeah it was nice being a cop
during the series you know you live
these characters and nice being a couple
of time I would go around arrest people
just pull them over and pull them and
tell I said that oh that's how that
judge in a wait a minute Gary is just an
actor I'm sorry hey George how long does
it take you to put on the makeup that's
funny you called me George I like that
yeah it took I was thinking as long as
it took him this morning
and ask him about how long it took him
to put on the nose yes it's a huge big
train comes in yeah you don't have to
worry about that yeah I was it took it
started off about two hours but they
they got it down to maybe an hour and
fifteen minutes or so hour and a half
you're in the chair you're in there four
o'clock in the morning every morning and
you know your first shot is roughly you
know six six thirty or something like
that so you're in the chair for a long
time Gary would come in as they're
finishing me up and he was just kind of
look in the mirror and they just kind of
I don't know do something whatever and
then he's like a cm so it was on my
third cappuccino guys when I was when I
was offered this interview I jumped on
it immediately because and I gotta tell
you this quick story
my father and I huge generational gap
between each other very little if
anything in common
it could rarely got together to do
things together when your show was on it
was the one program he and I could sit
down together and watch together and he
hand over oh that's great for Matt
George bringing families together Gary
and Eric you still speak to each other
right absolutely it will always be
something for me like like just I will
never forget how he and I connected the
with that show well that's what that
show was about in a certain way of
barriers being broken down to get in
there like that and family shows I mean
how many shows can you watch now if you
had kids who were of tv-watching age can
you really sit down with and watch on
prime-time television yeah yeah but you
could with that one and I think that
that it comes from the heart I wish
there were more shows out there that it
did have that much you know yes that's
great story you know before I go I want
to ask do you guys have a favorite
episode or is one of the movies
particularly close to you well I love
body and soul
so loved was a chains of love or a
chains of love I remember that that was
a great episode I liked it there was to
that stand that one was called the game
which was sort of a Russian roulette yet
going on in other words they remember
that was very intense very good because
you got a lot of history about what
happened on the ship and and then the
other was of course the birth episode
which was so much fun it's being
pregnant or the baby and that was
probably like closer than most guys get
you know with my elbows in every show
that I say almost every show or film
what we had was the opportunity to
invent so many things so there was
always this great sense of play and
invention in every episode in movie and
that's that was the freedom and the gift
now I mean as actors that we had I think
every week